Things to add:

Documentation
Second order
- cell faces, agent attraction, joined agent transitions ("reactions")
1D? 3D?
Possible add in plots or tables of cell counts? Real time.
- have plot going out to 10, 25, 100, 250, etc iterations (shift min size when prev. goes to 10 increments). When you hit the current max
  add another increment (when you hit 500, add 100 steps so 600 total shown) and rescale
Change how the CA is started, so auxilary services like the cell counter window can function properly without starting the CA
Consider allowing user to change filetypes (of auto-saved images)
Think about making setup more extensible - changing where the grid size is made so users can adjust it on the fly,
    making the initial numbers percentages to support this, etc.
Vector-based graphics for multi-faced agents

consider adding update to StatePageInfo when moving between tabs. For advanced neighborhood, would require refactoring
to allow for addition of StatePageInfos without knowing the exact number of rows and columns.

For template system, incorporate macro system, allowing user to select various options for when they arrive at X iteration
Heatmap/trace how to show multiple agents

Change "count" to "amount"
grid not expanding all the way in larger places
picture control not showing grid of height 1
moving the mouse over the picturebox still shows coordinates, even when outside of grid
Consider converting path trace stuff to 16-bit greyscale
enable/disable different operations--calculating cell count, CIndex, transitions, etc. per iteration
For path saving, might have an option to save path over multiple runs.

THE STATES INCREMENTER IN THE CA SCRIPT NEEDS WORK. If it's anything other than 0, that group gets removed, but it will still be selected
by the following spawner.

Add element to agent types that can grow or decrease over time. Example, tree or food on the ground, with "biomass" or something.
Add arbitrary number of these. Other agents can search for them (so need an AI search algorithm, A*?).
Reproduction mechanism

Add way to import images and use them in routines
calc fractal dimension
add sandpile
add colors to DLA - change every x amount of cells

CHANGE DLA STATE 0 NEIGHBORHOOD